A.C. College of Engineering and Technology, Karaikudi
A.C.T. College of Engineering and Technology, Maduranthagam
A.K.T. Memorial College of Engineering and Technology
A.R. College of Engineering and Technology, Ambasamudram
A.R. Engineering College, Villupuram
A.R.J. College of Engineering and Technology, Mannargudi
A.R.M. College of Engineering and Technology, Chengalpet
A.S.L. Pauls College of Engineering and Technology
A.V.C. College of Engineering, Mayiladutarai
A.V.S. Engineering College, Salem
Aalim Muhammed Salegh College of Engineering, Chennai
Adhi College of Engineering and Technology, Kancheepuram
Adhiparasakthi College of Engineering, Vellore
Adhiparasakthi Engineering College, Cheyyar
Adhiyamaan College of Engineering, Hosur
Adithya Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Agni College of Technology, Chennai
Aishwarya College of Engineering and Technology, Erode
Akshaya College of Engineering & Technology, Coimbatore
Aksheyaa College of Engineering, Maduranthagam
Al-Ameen Engineering College, Erode
Alpha College of Engineering, Chennai
AMITY university
Anand Institute of Higher Technology, Chengalpattu Taluk
Anand School of Architecture, Chengalpattu
Angel College of Engineering and Technology, Tiruppur
Anjalai Ammal Mahalingam Engineering College, Thiruvarur
Anna University Guindy
Annai College of Engineering and Technology, Thanjavur
Annai Mathammal Sheela Engineering College, Namakkal
Annai Mira College of Engineering and Technology, Vellore
Annai Teresa College of Engineering, Ulundurpet
Annai Vailankanni College of Engineering, Azhagapapuram
Annai Veilankannis College of Engineering, Chennai
Annamalaiar College of Engineering, Polur
Annaporna Engineering College, Salem
Apollo Engineering College, Sriperumbudur
Apollo Priyadarshanam Institute of Technology, Sriperumbudur
Arasu Engineering College, Kumbakonam
Archana Institute of Technology, Krishanagiri
Arignar Anna Institute of Science & Tech
Arul College of Technology, Radhapuram
Arulmigu Meenakshi Amman College of Engineering, Cheyyar
Arulmuruga Technical Campus, Karur
Arunachala College of Engineering for Women, Nagercoil
Arunai Engineering College, Tiruvannamalai
As-Salam College of Engineering and Technology, Thanjavur
Asan Memorial College of Engineering and Technology
B-----------------------------------------------------
B.K.R. College of Engineering and Technology, Arakkonam
Balaji Institute of Engineering and Technology, Thiruporur
Balamani Arunachalam Educational & Charitable Trusts 
Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Erode
Bethlahem Institute of Engineering, Karungal
Bhajarang Engineering College, Tiruvallur
Bharath university
Bharath Niketan Engineering College, Theni
Bharathidasan Engineering College, Tirupattur
Bharathiyar Institute of Engineering for Women, Attur
C ----------------------------------------------------------
C. Abdul Hakeem College of Engineering and Technology, Vellore
C.A.R.E. School of Engineering, Srirangam
C.M.S. College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
C.M.S. College of Engineering, Ernapuram
C.R. Engineering College , Madurai
C.S.I. Engineering College, Coonoor
C.S.I. Institute of Technology, Kanyakumari
Cape Institute of Technology, Radhapuram
Cauvery College of Engineering and Technology, Perur
Central Electro Chemical Research Institute, Karaikudi
Central Institute of Plastic Engineering and Tech(CIPET)
Chandy College of Engineering, Thoothukudi
Chendhuran College of Engineering and Technology, Thiurmayam
Chendu College of Engineering and Technology, Madurantakam
Chennai Institute of Technology, Chennai
Cheran College of Engineering, Karur
Cheran School of Architecture, Karur
Chettinad College of Engineering and Technology, Karur
Christ The King Engineering College, Coimbatore
Christian College of Engineering and Technology, Oddanchatram
Coimbatore Institute of Engineering and Information Tech
Coimbatore Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
D ----------------------------------------------------------
D.M.I. College of Engineering, Kancheepuram
D.M.I. Engineering College, Kanyakumari
Davinci School of Design and Architecture, Chennai
Dhaanish Ahmed College of Engineering, Chennai
Dhanalakshmi College of Engineering, Chennai
Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan College of Engineering, Perambalur
Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan Institute of Technology, Trichirappalli
Dhirajlal Gandhi College of Technology, Salem
Dr. G.U. Pope College of Engineering, Thoothukudi
Dr. Mahalingam College of Engineering and Technology, Pollachi
Dr. N.G.P. Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Dr. Nagarathinams College of Engineering, Namakkal
Dr. Nalini Institute of Engineering and Technology, Dharapuram
Dr. Navalar Nedunchezhiyan College of Engineering, Cuddalore
Dr. Pauls Engineering College, Vanur
Dr. Sivanthi Aditanar College of Engineering, Tuticorin
E ------------------------------------------
E.S. College of Engineering and Technology, Villupuram
EASA College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
Easwari Engineering College, Chennai
Edayathangudi G.S. Pillay Engineering College, Nagapattinam
Einstein College of Engineering, Tirunelveli
Er. Perumal Manimekalai College of Engineering, Hosur
Erode Builder Educational Trust,s Group of Institutions
Erode Sengunthar Engineering College, Perundurai
Excel College of Engineering and Technology, Namakkal
Excel College of Engineering for Women, Komarapalayam
Excel Engineering College, Komarapalayam
F -------------------------------------------
Fatima Michael College of Engineering & Technology, Madurai
Francis Xavier Engineering College, Palayamkottai
G --------------------------------------------
G.G.R. College of Engineering, Vellore
G.K.M. College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
Ganadipathy Tulsis Engineering College, Vellore
Ganapathy Chettiar College of Engineering and Technology
Ganesh College of Engineering, Salem
Global Institute of Engineering and Technology, Walajah
Gnanamani College of Engineering, Namakkal
Gnanamani College of Technology, Namakkal
Gojan School of Business and Technology, Chennai
Gopal Ramalingam Memorial Engineering College, Chennai
Government College of Engineering, Bargur
Government College of Engineering, Bodiyanayakkanur, Theni
Government College of Engineering, Salem
Government College of Engineering, Tirunelveli
Government College of Technology, Coimbatore
Greentech College of Engineering for Women, Attur
H ----------------------------------------------
Hindustan Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Hindustan University, Padur
Hindusthan College of Engineering and Tech,Coimbatore
Holy Cross Engineering College, Thoothukudi
Hosur Institute of Technology and Science, Hosur
I ----------------------------------------------
I.F.E.T. College of Engineering, Villupuram
Idhaya Engineering College for Women, Villupuram
Imayam College of Engineering, Tiruchirappalli
Immanuel Arasar J J College of Engineering, Kanyakumari
Indira Gandhi College of Engi and Tech for Women
Indira Institute of Engineering and Technology
Indra Ganesan College of Engineering, Trichy
Indus College of Engineering, Coimbatore
Infant Jesus College of Engineering
Info Institute of Engineering, Kovilpalayam
Institute of Road and Transport Technology, Erode
J ------------------------------------------------
J.C.T. College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
J.J. College of Engineering and Technology, Srirangam
J.K.K. Muniraja College of Technology, Gobi
J.K.K. Munirajah School of Architecture, Erode
J.K.K. Nataraja College of Engineering and Tech
J.N.N. Institute of Engineering, Uthukottai Taluk
J.P. College of Engineering, Tenkasi
JEI Mathaajee College of Engineering, Kancheepuram
Jai Sriram College of Technology, Tiruppur
Jairupaa College of Engineering, Tirppur
James College of Engineering and Technology, Kanyakumari
Jansons Institute of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
Jawahar Engineering College, Chennai
Jawaharlal Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Jaya Engineering College, Tiruvallur
Jaya Suriya Engineering College, Thiruvallur
Jayalakshmi Institute of Technology, Thoppur
Jayam College of Engineering and Technology, Pennagaram
Jayaram College of Engineering and Technology, Thuraiyur
Jeppiaar Engineering College, Chennai
Jeppiaar Institute of Technology , Sriperumpudur
Jerusalem College of Engineering, Chennai
Jeyamatha Engineering College, Aralvaimozhi
Jeyaraj Annapackiam CSI College of Engineering, Nazareth
Joe Suresh Engineering College, Tirunelveli
John Bosco Engineering College, Tiruvallur
K ------------------------------------------------
K S R Institute for Engineering and Technology
K.C.G. college of Technology - Chennai
K.L.N. College of Engineering
K.S. Rangasamy College of Technology - Namakkal
K.S.R. College of Engineering - Namakkal
KGiSL Institute of Technology - Coimbatore
Kalaignar Karunanidhi Institute of Technology - Coimbatore
Kalaivani College of Technology - Coimbatore
Kalsar college of Engineering - Kancheepuram
Kamban Engineering College - Tiruvannamalai
Kanchi pallavan Engineering College - Kanchipuram
Karpaga Vinayaka College of Engineering and Technology
Karpagam College of Engineering - Coimbatore
Karpagam Institute of Technology - Coimbatore
Karur College Of Engineering. - Karur
Kathir College of Engineering - Coimbatore
King College of Technology - Namakkal
Kings Engineering College - Kancheepuram
Kingston Engineering College - Vellore
Knowledge Institute of Technology - Salem
Kongu Engineering College - Erode
Kurinji College of Engineering and Technology, Manapparai
L ---------------------------------------------
Loyola-ICAM College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
M-----------------------------------------------
MEASI Academy of Architecture - Chennai	
MEPCO Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi
Maamallan Institute of Technology, Sriperumpudur
Madha Engineering College, Chennai
Magna College of Engineering - Chennai
Mahendra College of Engineering	
Mahendra Engineering College for Women 
Mailam Engineering College - Villupuram	
Mcgan s Ooty School Architecture - Ooty	
Meenakshi College of Engineering - Chennai
Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College, Chennai
Misrimal Navajee Munoth Jain Engineering College - Thorapakkam	
MIT -chennai
Mohamed Sathak A.J. Academy of Architecture - Mahabalipuram	
Mohammed Sathak A.J. College of Engineering - Egattu
Muthayammal Engineering College - Namakkal
Muthayammal Engineering College, Rasipuram
N ----------------------------------------------
Nehru Institute of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
New Prince Shri Bhavani College of Engi & Tech
Odaiyappa College of Engineering and Technology, Periyakulam
Oxford Engineering College
P -------------------------------------------
P.A. College of Engineering and Technology - Coimbatore	
P.B. College of Engineering - Kancheepuramu
P.S.N.A. College of Engineering and Technology, Dindigul
P.S.V. College of Engineering and Technology - Krishnagiri
P.T.Lee Chengalvaraya Naicker College of Engi & Tech
PERI Institute of Technology, Chennai
PET Engineering College, Vallioor
PMR 
Panimalar Engineering College, Chennai
Prathyusha Institute of Technology and Management, Thiruvallur
R ------------------------------------------
R.M.D. Engineering College
R.M.K. Engineering College
R.V.S. College Of Engineering and Technology, Dindugul
RVS 
Raja Rajeswari Engineering College, Chennai
Rajalakshmi Engineering College
Rajalakshmi Institute of Technology
Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering -Kancheepuram
Ranganathan Architecture College Coimbatore
Ranganathan Engineering College -Coimbatore
Ranipettai Engineering College -Vellore
Rrase College of Engineering - Kancheepuram
S --------------------------------------------
S.A. Engineering College, Thiruverkadu
S.R.M University
S.R.R. Engineering College
S.S.N Engineering college
SRG Engineering College - Namakkal
SVS College of Engineering 
Sakthi Engineering College
Sathyabama University
Saveetha Engineering College, Sriperumbudur
Sona College of Engineering 
Sree Krishna College of Engineering - Vellore
Sree Sakthi Engineering College - Coimbatore
Sree Sastha Institute of Engineering and Technology	
Sri Aravindar Engineering College - Villupuram
Sri Balaji Chockalingam Engineering College - Thiruvannamalai
Sri Eshwar College of Engineering - Coimbatore
Sri Kalaimagal College of Engineering - Tiruvallur
Sri Krishna College of Engineering
Sri Ram Engineering College, Tiruvallur
Sri Sairam Engineering College, Chennai
Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering, Sriperumbudur
St Peter s College of Engineering and Technology - Chennai
St. Johns College of Engineering and Technology for Women
St. Joseph College of Engineering - Kancheepuram
St. Joseph s College of Engineering - Mamallapuram
Surya College of Engineering - Villupuram
Surya Engineering College - Erode
Surya Institute of Management Studies
T ------------------------------------------
T.J. Institute of Technology, Chennai
Tagore Engineering College, Chennai
Thangavelu Engineering College, Chennai
The Kavery College of Engineering
The New Royal College of Engineering and Technology
V--------------------------------------------
Valliammai Engineering College
Vel Tech, Chennai
Velammal Engineering College
VIT university